[MS Teams] new commands and expand functionalities to the Chat functionality (#23665)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

17. Navigate to Store, and click **Upload a custom app > Upload for ORGANIZATION-NAME**, and select the ZIP file you downloaded.

### In order to connect to the Azure Network Security Groups use one of the following methods:

1. *Client Credentials Flow*
2. *Authorization Code Flow*

### Client Credentials Flow
#### Grant the Demisto Bot Permissions in Microsoft Graph

1. Go to your Microsoft Azure portal, and from the left navigation pane select **Azure Active Directory > App registrations**.
2. Search for and click **Demisto Bot**.
3. Click **API permissions > Add a permission > Microsoft Graph > Application permissions**.

> 4. For the following permissions, search for, select the checkbox and click **Add permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For the following permissions, search for the permission, select the checkbox, and click **Add permissions**.
```

  - User.Read.All
  - Group.ReadWrite.All
  - Calls.Initiate.All
  - Calls.InitiateGroupCall.All
  - OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite.All
  - ChannelMember.ReadWrite.All
  - Channel.Create

5. Verify that all permissions were added, and click **Grant admin consent for Demisto**.
6. When prompted to verify granting permissions, click **Yes**, and verify that permissions were successfully added.

#### Authentication Using the Client Credentials Flow

> 1. Choose the 'Client Credentials' option in the ***Authentication Type*** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the 'Client Credentials' option in the **Authentication Type** parameter.
```

> 2. Enter your Client/Application ID in the ***Bot ID*** parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter your Client/Application ID in the **Bot ID** parameter. 
```

> 3. Enter your Client Secret in the ***Bot Password*** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your Client Secret in the **Bot Password** parameter.
```

4. Save the instance.

### Authorization Code Flow
#### Grant the Demisto Bot Permissions in Microsoft Graph

1. Go to your Microsoft Azure portal, and from the left navigation pane select **Azure Active Directory > App registrations**.
2. Search for and click **Demisto Bot**.
3. Click **API permissions > Add a permission > Microsoft Graph > Application permissions**.

> 4. For the following permissions, search for, select the checkbox and click **Add permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For the following permissions, search for the permission, select the checkbox and click **Add permissions**.
```

    ##### Required Application Permissions:

>       1. User.Read.All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - User.Read.All
```

>       2. Group.ReadWrite.All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Group.ReadWrite.All
```

>       3. OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite.All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite.All
```

>       4. ChannelMember.ReadWrite.All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - ChannelMember.ReadWrite.All
```

>       5. Channel.Create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Channel.Create
```

    ##### Required Delegated Permissions:

>       1. ChannelMessage.Send

Reviewer: This should be a bulleted list.
Numbered lists are only used when you have to do something in a specific order.
Please change this to a bulleted list.

      2. Chat.ReadWrite
      3. ChatMessage.Send
      4. Group.ReadWrite.All
      5. Channel.Create
      6. ChannelSettings.ReadWrite.All
      7. ChatMember.ReadWrite
      8. Chat.ReadWrite
5. Verify that all permissions were added, and click **Grant admin consent for Demisto**.
6. When prompted to verify granting permissions, click **Yes**, and verify that permissions were successfully added.

> 7. Click **Expose an API and add Application ID URI (id only)  

Reviewer: Is this the full name of what appears in the UI?
Need to add ** at the end of the text.
So should it be:
Click **Expose an API and add Application ID URI (id only)**.

> 8. Click **Expose an API > Add a scope > 

Reviewer: Same here.  Need to add ** at the end of the text that appears in the UI.

   - Chat.ReadWrite
   - ChatMessage.Send
   - ChannelSettings.ReadWrite.All
   - ChannelMember.Read.All
9. Click **Authentication > Platform configurations > Add a platform. Choose Web and add Redirect URIs: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient

#### Authentication Using the Authorization Code Flow

> 1. Choose the 'Authorization Code' option in the ***Authentication Type*** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the 'Authorization Code' option in the **Authentication Type** parameter.
```

> 2. Enter your Client/Application ID in the ***Bot ID*** parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter your Client/Application ID in the **Bot ID** parameter. 
```

> 3. Enter your Client Secret in the ***Bot Password*** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your Client Secret in the **Bot Password** parameter.
```

> 4. Enter your Application redirect URI in the ***Application redirect URI*** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter your Application redirect URI in the **Application redirect URI** parameter.
```

> 5. Copy the following URL and replace the ***TENANT_ID***, ***CLIENT_ID*** and ***REDIRECT_URI*** with your own client ID and redirect URI, accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Copy the following URL and replace the **TENANT_ID**, **CLIENT_ID** and **REDIRECT_URI** with your own client ID and redirect URI, accordingly.
```

https://login.microsoftonline.com/TENANT_ID/oauth2/v2.0/authorize?response_type=code&response_mode=query&scope=offline_access%20https%3A%2F%2Fgraph.microsoft.com%2F.default&client_id=CLIENT_ID&redirect_uri=REDIRECT_URI&state=12345. When prompted, accept the Microsoft authorization request for the required permissions. You will be automatically redirected to a link with the following structure:
```REDIRECT_URI?code=AUTH_CODE&state=12345&session_state=SESSION_STATE```

> 6. Copy the ***AUTH_CODE*** (without the “code=” prefix) and paste it in your instance configuration under the **Authorization code** parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Copy the **AUTH_CODE** (without the “code=” prefix) and paste it in your instance configuration under the **Authorization code** parameter. 
```

7. Save the instance.

> 8. Run the ***!microsoft-teams-auth-test*** command - a 'Success' message should be printed to the War Room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Run the ***!microsoft-teams-auth-test*** command. A 'Success' message should be printed to the War Room.
```

2. Search for Microsoft Teams.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Name | The integration instance name.<br />If using Cortex XSOAR rerouting configuration, insert here the instance name you configured in the messaging endpoint. | True |

>     | Bot ID | Bot ID | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Bot ID | Bot ID. | True |
```

>     | Bot Password | Bot Password | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Bot Password | Bot Password. | True |
```

2. Search for Microsoft Teams.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Name | The integration instance name.<br />If using Cortex XSOAR rerouting configuration, insert here the instance name you configured in the messaging endpoint. | True |
    | Bot ID | Bot ID | True |
    | Bot Password | Bot Password | True |
    | Tenant ID |  | False |
    | Authentication Type |  | True |
    | Application redirect URI (for Authorization Code mode) |  | False |

>     | Authorization code | For Authorization Code flow mode - received from the authorization step. see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Authorization code | For Authorization Code flow mode. Received from the authorization step. See the Detailed Instructions \(?\) section | False |
```

>     | Default team | Default team - team to which messages and notifications are sent. If a team is specified as a command argument, it overrides this parameter | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Default team | The team to which messages and notifications are sent. If a team is specified as a command argument, it overrides this parameter. | True |
```

    | Notifications channel |  | True |
    | Certificate (Required for HTTPS) |  | False |
    | Private Key (Required for HTTPS) |  | False |
    | Minimum incident severity to send notifications to Teams by |  | False |
    | Disable Automatic Notifications | Whether to disable automatic notifications to the configured notifications channel. | False |
    | Allow external users to create incidents via direct message |  | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | Long running instance |  | False |

>     | Listen port, e.g. 7000 (Required for investigation mirroring and direct messages) | longRunningPort | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Listen port, e.g., 7000 (Required for investigation mirroring and direct messages) | longRunningPort | False |
```

>     | Incident type | Incident type | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Incident type | Incident type. | False |
```

## Known Limitations
---

> - In some cases, you might encounter a problem, where no communication is created between Teams and the messaging endpoint, when adding a bot to the team. You can workaround this problem by adding any member to the team the bot was added to. It's supposed to trigger a communication and solve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In some cases, you might encounter a problem, where no communication is created between Teams and the messaging endpoint, when adding a bot to the team. You can work around this problem by adding any member to the team the bot was added to. It will trigger a communication and solve the issue.
```

- The [microsoft-teams-ring-user](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-post-calls?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http) command is only supported when using the `Client Credentials flow` due to a limitation in Microsoft's permissions system. 
- In addition, the chat commands are only supported when using the `Authorization Code flow`.

> - Posting a message or adaptive card to a private/shared channel is currently not supported in the *send-notification* command. Thus, also the *mirror_investigation* command does not support private/shared channels. For more information, see the [Microsoft General known issues and limitations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/connectors/teams/#general-known-issues-and-limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Posting a message or adaptive card to a private/shared channel is currently not supported in the ***send-notification*** command. Thus, also the ***mirror_investigation*** command does not support private/shared channels. For more information, see [Microsoft General known issues and limitations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/connectors/teams/#general-known-issues-and-limitations).
```

- In case of multiple chats/users sharing the same name, the first one will be taken.

> - See Microsoft documentation to [Limits and specifications for Microsoft Teams](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/limits-specifications-teams)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See Microsoft documentation for [Limits and specifications for Microsoft Teams](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/limits-specifications-teams)
```

##### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                          | **Required** |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| mirror_type       | The mirroring type. Can be "all", which mirrors everything, "chat", which mirrors only chats (not commands), or "none", which stops all mirroring. Possible values are: all, chat, none. Default is all. | Optional     | 

> | autoclose         | Whether to auto-close the channel when the incident is closed in Cortex XSOAR. If "true", the channel will be auto-closed. Default is "true". Possible values are: true, false. Default is true.         | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| autoclose         | Whether to auto-close the channel when the incident is closed in Cortex XSOAR. If "true", the channel will be auto-closed. Possible values are: true, false. Default is true.         | Optional     | 
```

> | direction         | The mirroring direction. Can be "FromDemisto", "ToDemisto", or "Both". Possible values are: Both, FromDemisto, ToDemisto. Default is both.                                                               | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| direction         | The mirroring direction. Possible values are: Both, FromDemisto, ToDemisto. Default is both.                                                               | Optional     | 
```

| team              | The name of the channel's team. | Required     | 

##### Context Output

| **Path**                                                       | **Type** | **Description**                                                                                      |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.channelId                           | String   | The channel ID.                                                                                      | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.channelName                         | String   | The name of the channel.                                                                             | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.displayName                 | String   | The display name of the members.                                                                     | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.email                       | String   | The email of the members.                                                                            | 

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.id                          | String   | The id of the members.                                                                               | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.id                          | String   | The ID of the members.                                                                               | 
```

| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.roles                       | String   | The roles of the members.                                                                            | 

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.tenantId                    | String   | The tenantId of the members.                                                                         | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChannelList.members.tenantId                    | String   | The tenant ID of the members.                                                                         | 
```

| 359d2c3c-162b-414c-b2eq-386461e5l050 | test@gmail.com | pbae9ao6-01ql-249o-5me3-4738p3e1m941 | MmFiOWM3OTYtMjkwMi00NWY4LWI3MTItN2M1YTYzY2Y0MWM0IyNlZWY5Y2IzNi0wNmRlLTQ2OWItODdjZC03MGY0Y2JlMzJkMTQ= | owner      | itayadmin    | 0001-01-01T00:00:00Z |

### microsoft-teams-chat-create
***
Creates a new chat. 
Note: Only one oneOnOne chat can exist between two members. If a oneOnOne chat already exists, it will be returned.

##### Base Command

`microsoft-teams-chat-create`

##### Required Permissions
`Chat.Create` - Delegated, Application
`Chat.ReadWrite` - Delegated

##### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                   | **Required** |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | chat_type         | Specifies the type of chat. Possible values are - group and oneOnOne. Default is "group". Possible values are: group, oneOnOne. Default is group. | Required     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chat_type         | Specifies the type of chat. Possible values are: group, oneOnOne. Default is group. | Required     | 
```

##### Human Readable Output
### The chat 'example chat' was created successfully
| Chat Id                                       | Chat name    | Created Date Time       | Last Updated Date Time  | webUrl | Tenant Id                            |
|-----------------------------------------------|--------------|-------------------------|-------------------------|--------|--------------------------------------|
| 19:2da4c29f6d7041eca70b638b43d45437@thread.v2 | example chat | 2023-01-08T07:51:53.07Z | 2023-01-08T07:51:53.07Z | webUrl | pbae9ao6-01ql-249o-5me3-4738p3e1m941 |

### microsoft-teams-message-send-to-chat
***
Sends a new chat message in the specified chat.

##### Base Command

`microsoft-teams-message-send-to-chat`

##### Required Permissions
`ChatMessage.Send` - Delegated
`Chat.ReadWrite` - Delegated

##### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                              | **Required** |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne Member (Display name/mail/UPN).             | Required     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne member (Display name/mail/UPN).             | Required     | 
```

| content           | The content of the chat message.                                                             | Required     | 

> | content_type      | The message content type - Plaintext/HTML. Possible values are: text, html. Default is text. | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| content_type      | The message content type. Possible values are: text, html. Default is text. | Optional     | 
```

| 19:2da4c29f6d7041eca70b638b43d45437@thread.v2 | 2021-03-29T04:17:43.15Z | 1616991463150 | itayadmin | 8ea0e38b-efb3-4757-924a-5f94061cf8c2 | aadUser                    | normal     | Hello World     | message      | text                | 1616991463150 | 2021-03-29T04:17:43.15Z |

### microsoft-teams-chat-add-user
***
Adds a member (user) to a group chat.

#### Base Command

`microsoft-teams-chat-add-user`

##### Required Permissions

`ChatMember.ReadWrite` - Delegated
`Chat.ReadWrite` - Delegated

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                       | **Required** |
|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| chat              | The chat ID or group chat name (topic) to which to add the member.                                                    | Required     | 
| member            | Display name/mail/UPN of user that should be added to the chat. Can be an array.                                      | Required     | 

> | share_history     | Whether to share the whole history of the chat. Default is "true". Possible values are: true, false. Default is True. | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| share_history     | Whether to share the whole history of the chat. Possible values are: true, false. Default is True. | Optional     | 
```

|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne Member (Display name/mail/UPN). | Required     | 

#### Context Output

| **Path**                                                    | **Type** | **Description**                                                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.chatId                              | String   | The chat's unique identifier.                                                                        | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.displayName                 | String   | The display name of the members.                                                                     | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.email                       | String   | The email of the members.                                                                            | 

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.id                          | String   | The id of the members.                                                                               | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.id                          | String   | The ID of the members.                                                                               | 
```

| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.roles                       | String   | The roles of the members.                                                                            | 

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.tenantId                    | String   | The tenantId of the members.                                                                         | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.tenantId                    | String   | The tenant ID of the members.                                                                         | 
```

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.userId                      | String   | The userId of the members.                                                                           | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.members.userId                      | String   | The user ID of the members.                                                                           | 
```

### Chat "example chat" Members List:
| User Id                              | User roles | Name         | Email          | Tenant Id                            |
|--------------------------------------|------------|--------------|----------------|--------------------------------------|
| 359d2c3c-162b-414c-b2eq-386461e5l050 | owner      | itayadmin    | test@gmail.com | dcd219dd-bc68-4b9b-bf0b-4a33a796be35 |
| 48d31887-5fad-4d73-a9f5-3c356e68a038 | owner      | Bruce Willis | test@gmail.com | dcd219dd-bc68-4b9b-bf0b-4a33a796be35 |

### microsoft-teams-chat-list
***
Retrieves a list of chats that the user is part of. If 'chat' is specified - retrieves this chat only.

#### Base Command

`microsoft-teams-chat-list`

##### Required Permissions

`Chat.ReadWrite` - Delegated

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                           | **Required** |
|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne Member (Display name/mail/UPN).                                                                          | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne member (Display name/mail/UPN).                                                                          | Optional     | 
```

> | filter            | Filters results. For example: topic eq 'testing'. For more query examples, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/filter-query-parameter?tabs=http . | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filter            | Filters results. For example: topic eq 'testing'. For more query examples, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/filter-query-parameter?tabs=http . | Optional     | 
```

| expand            | Expands the results to include members or lastMessagePreview properties. Possible values are: members, lastMessagePreview.                                | Optional     | 

> | limit             | The number of results to retrieve. Default value is 50. Default is 50.                                                                                    | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| limit             | The number of results to retrieve. Default is 50.                                                                                    | Optional     | 
```

|-----------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------------------|--------------------------|-----------|--------|-----------|-----------------------------|
| 19:561082c0f3f847a58069deb8eb300807@thread.v2 | testing   | 2023-01-08T14:15:45.412Z | 2023-01-08T14:15:45.412Z | group     | webUrl | tenantId  | 2023-01-08T14:16:48.662Z    |
| 19:2da4c29f6d7041eca70b638b43d45437@thread.v2 | testing   | 2022-12-29T11:10:49.173Z | 2022-12-29T11:10:49.173Z | group     | webUrl | tenantId  | 2022-12-29T12:00:07.317Z    |

### microsoft-teams-chat-message-list
***
Retrieves a list of messages in a chat.

#### Base Command

`microsoft-teams-chat-message-list`

##### Required Permissions
`Chat.ReadWrite` - Delegated

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                       | **Required** |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne Member (Display name/mail/UPN).                                                                                                      | Required     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chat              | The chat ID / group chat name (topic) / oneOnOne member (Display name/mail/UPN).                                                                                                      | Required     | 
```

> | limit             | The number of results to retrieve. Default value is 50. Default is 50.                                                                                                                | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| limit             | The number of results to retrieve. Default is 50.                                                                                                                | Optional     | 
```
